Welcome to Fastest Lab. This tutorial
will show you how to safely enter the
simulator and explain how everything
works. Do not use the steering wheel to
pull yourself into the simulator. It can
spin freely. Use the frame or seat
instead. Once seated, pull the lever up
to slide the seat forward or back.
Adjust it to a comfortable position
where you can reach the wheel easily. To
adjust the pedals, push the lever down
and move the tray forward or backward.
Once set, release the lever. Do not rest
your foot on this lever while driving as
it can cause the pedals to move
unexpectedly. From left to right, the
pedals are clutch, brake, and throttle.
Most cars only require the brake and
throttle, and staff will let you know if
the clutch is needed. Don't be
intimidated by the brake pedal. It's
designed to handle up to 130 lb of force
to press it fully. If your simulator is
set to H pattern shifting, here's how to
engage reverse. Pull up on the collar
and move the shifter all the way to the
right and down into sixth gear. Always
remember this will be the only time you
will lift up this collar. If the car is
set to sequential shifting, use the
paddle shifters behind the wheel. Right
paddle to shift up, left paddle to shift
down. If the car is set to automatic,
the paddles are used for reverse. Come
to a complete stop with the brake
pressed. Pull the left paddle twice to
engage reverse. After backing up, stop
again and pull the right paddle twice to
return to first gear. On the steering
wheel, the red button is used to return
to the pits if your car becomes stuck.
This should only be used in an
emergency. If you're drifting or driving
in free roam, the button will return you
to the starting point so you can meet
back up with other drivers. Staff may
assign other functions depending on your
session. Headphones are provided for
your session. Use the plus and minus
wheel on the left side to adjust the
volume. You'll also be able to
communicate with your group through the
headset. When you're done, stop the car,
slide the seat back, and carefully step
out using the frame for balance. We have
special settings for kids, including
reduced force feedback on the steering
wheel and lighter brake pedal pressure.
The main reason for signing the waiver
is the strong force feedback on the
steering wheel. Always keep your hands
on the outside of the wheel while
driving. Never steer underhand or place
your hand inside the wheel as it can
spin suddenly with force and cause
injury. If you ever need assistance,
simply ask our staff. And if you feel
dizzy or need a break, raise your hand
and we'll pause the session immediately.